docs(router): Update the basic router guide to use standalone (#51452)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/router-tutorial.md

The first property, `path`, is a string that specifies the URL path for the route.
The second property, `component`, is a string that specifies what component your application should display for that path.

1. From your code editor, create and open the `app.routes.ts` file.
1. Create and export a routes list for your application:

```
import {Routes} from '@angular/router';

export const routes = [];
```
1. Add two routes for your first two components:

```
  {path: 'crisis-list', component: CrisisListComponent},
  {path: 'heroes-list', component: HeroesListComponent},
```

This routes list is an array of JavaScript objects, with each object defining the properties of a route.

## Import `provideRouter` from `@angular/router`

Routing lets you display specific views of your application depending on the URL path.

> To add this functionality to your sample application, you need to update the `app.config.ts` file to use the module, `provideRouter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add this functionality to your sample application, you need to update the `app.config.ts` file to use the router providers, `provideRouter`.
```

> You import this module from `@angular/router`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You import this provider function from `@angular/router`.
```
